it is ordered adjudged and decreed that
Walter McMillian is to face death by
electrocution it's my dad sir sit down
young man John would you sit down
hey you do nothing wrong please just
hold on one second I won't say it again
sit down not if you're gonna kill my dad
for no reason
they convicted an innocent man
[Music]
I was always taught to fight for the
people who need to help me most you
don't know what it is yeah they ain't
got no evidence how many of you all were
with Walter that morning you ain't quit
miss no sir we all which I want my son
growing no his mom stopped doing what
was right just because she was scared I
[Music]
think we could build a case trial and
have to bring him home and I'm not gonna
stop until I've done that isn't your
doing
[Applause]
your life is still meaningful and I'm
gonna do everything possible to keep
definitely taking in
[Music]